Topic: Bureaucracy
Idea: Office Clerk Simulator

Classes:
- Status
    This class will store data about the status types that documents can have(pending, approved, rejected, revision)
- Documents
    This is an abstract class that will contain an innit method with document data(who submitted it, what the document is about, 
    its status, notes, and who signed it) and a document verification method. It will also have method verification, to verify documents.
- Complaint
    This class inherits methods from the Document class. Validation will check whether the complainant is specified.
    If not, the complaint will fail verification.
- Application
    This class inherits methods from the Document class. Validation will check whether any attachments are attached to the document.
    If not, the document will fail verification.
- Clerk
    This class will contain an innit method with clerk data(name and rank). Depending on their rank, a clerk will be able to accept different documents.
    If their rank is not high enough, they will leave the document for review by management/boss, and the document status will remain pending until 
    someone with the required rank takes it. If the rank is high enough, a decision will be made randomly to Approve or Reject the complaint.
    If an application has no attachment, or the complainant is not specified in complaint, the status will change to revision.
- Office
    This class will contain the innit method where a document queue will be. The class system will receive documents. The workday class will begin the workday, 
    during which clerks receive documents and decide what to do with them. The workday ends when there are no more documents left in the queue.

Clerk names will be randomly generated(from a list of names), as well as their rank. Complaints and applications will be generated randomly(based on pre-maded lists).
Each time, the clerks and complaints/applications will be different. The terminal will display which complaints/applications were added to the queue, how the clerks 
worked during the day(for example: Clerk Bob accepted a complaint from Alice: pending; Complaint rejected). At the end of the day, 
the document's new status will be displayed, indicating whether it was verified, whether the necessary attachments are present, 
and which clerk signed the document.

